# EARLY GAME

The start of the game. Insert fancy MD here
Section planned to be around a day
please note everything in the game can be changed for balancing purposes. this is merely an idea of what will happen

<br>

## Photons:

The starting currency. You gain them passively. Clicking a photon button will give you 3x the amount you would get in 1 second, with a 5 second cooldown.

<br>

## Decay:

A mechanic that decreases photon gain. Decay is based off of Photon count.
Light upgrades (and also ones later in the game) will lower Decay.

<br>

## Light:

You can reset for Light after getting 2500 Photons. Your photons decay depending on how many you have,
making it necessary to get Light as it will make getting through the decay way more quick.

<br>

## Prisms:

Once you get 250k Light, you can get 3 types of photons.

### PRISM UPGRADE

Gain Prisms, which unlock 3 new types of Photons.
250000 Light

### Prism Mechanics

_Photon types are generated by Prisms_

### Red: Multiplies photons depending on how much you have.

```
o\/o
o/\o
```

### Blue: Makes Photon upgrades better.

```
O+O+
+O+O
```

#### Green: Makes the Photon Button stronger, but cooldown higher. (Cooldown caps at a certain level)

```
/o|\
\|o/
```

Once you get enough of each type of Photons, you can unlock Photon Merging.

<br>

### PHOTON MERGING

#### 100M Red Photons + 100M Blue Photons = 1 Magenta Photon

#### 100M Red Photons + 100M Green Photons = 1 Yellow Photon

#### 100M Blue Photons + 100M Green Photons = 1 Cyan Photon

Fused Photons will boost the Photon type that wasn't used in the recipe's gain by a small power. (magneta boosts green by a small amount, in power)

<br>

## Entropy

Entropy is gained passively

Entropy requires all Fused Photon types to generate. (1M of each per 1 entropy/s)

Entropy upgrades mainly focus on automation, and also reduce decay. (yes, it comes from the name)

When you obtain enough entropy you will gain an upgrade to unlock The Clock.

<br>

### Automation

Automation

<br>

### The Clock

The Clock is a Mechanic which saves up time being able to store up to 1 hour.
You can activate the Clock to do a time skip.
When you do this, each 1 second in The Clock count as 5 seconds skipped.

Entropy can upgrade the clock, these are the 4 upgrades that exist for the clock.

#### Efficiency (up to 1 second being 10 seconds)

#### Capacity (up to 1 day)

#### Storing Efficiency (up to 2 times faster)

#### Entropy Power (doesn't exist without upgrades, but entropy makes getting seconds faster)

<br>

### Entropic Photons

Entropic Photons are gained by converting Entropy into Entropic Photons (1k -> 1)
Entropic Photons boost automation speed
These also generate Anti-Voids, which decrease Decay substantially.
Also divided by decay (the entropy photons)

<br>

###### added more lol - Gai

# MID GAME

You have made it through a few layers. This game doesn't seem to be too long, but you only got out of early game...

<br>

## Exertion

This is a reset layer that is obtained at 1e9 Entropy. You can exert your entropy to get Movement.

### Movement

This boosts Entropy ALOT, and also has upgrades to make The Clock more efficient.
There is also a switch you can do that increases Photon Decay but makes The Clock make time faster.

### Rotation

Rotation is gained passively based on Movement, and gives upgrades to make Movement faster.

### Deceleration

Deceleration is Decay for Movement. Deceleration is set to log_10(Movement^2), and divides Movement by the cube root of Deceleration.

### Anti-Upgrades

Once reaching 25 Deceleration, or around 3e12 Movement, you can buy Anti-Upgrades.
Anti-Upgrades spend Decay or Deceleration to boost Anti-Voids.

#### Anti-Void Strength: +10% Anti-Void Effect (non compounding) | Rebuyable

#### Entropy Particles: x1.5 Entropy per buy. | Rebuyable

#### Chromatic Combination: +1% Fused Photon effect. | Rebuyable

#### Hyper Compression: Fused Photons will also take the effect of the two photons used in merging. | One Time

#### Accelerate: Anti-Void's effect decreases Deceleration, but weaker. | One Time

#### Prismatic Anti-Void: Anti-Voids generate Prisms, and decrease Photon Merging requirement. | One Time

#### Light-Void: Anti-Void multiplies Light gain. | One Time

#### Entropic Voids: Anti-Void generates Entropic Photons at a very slow rate. | One Time

## Entropic Light

A minor reset layer, costing 1e10 Entropic Photons.
Entropic Light is used to buy Upgrades.
At enough Entropic Light, you can buy Space.

### Entropic Light Upgrades

#### Amplified Void: +1% to Anti-Void Strength Base. | Rebuyable

#### Exponential Entropy: +0.2 to Entropy Particles Base. | Rebuyable

#### Boundless Chroma: +0.05% to Chromatic Combination Base. | Rebuyable

#### Unusual Growth: Decay's effect is log_2'd. | One Time.

#### Hyperspeed: x2 game speed. | One Time.
